Explained how to define Windows absolute paths in docker-compose.yaml… (#21)
devonfw-forge/rd-installer: README.asciidoc

* `dockerw <command>`
* `dockerw-compose <command>`

> == Volume binding using docker-compose
> 
> In order to use volume binding in docker-compose, Windows absolute paths must be defined as shown in the following example:
> 
> ```
> volumes:
>   - C:\Users\Joey\Desktop\backend:/var/www/html -> - /c/Users/Joey/Desktop/backend:/var/www/html
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
=== Tips and tricks
==== Volume binding on docker-compose

Host paths should be written in Unix-style (using `/ `).

In particular, Windows absolute paths should be converted as follows:

```
volumes:
  # Docker Desktop:
  # - C:\Users\Joey\Desktop\backend:/var/www/html
  # Rancher Desktop:
  - /c/Users/Joey/Desktop/backend:/var/www/html
```
````

* `dockerw <command>`
* `dockerw-compose <command>`

=== Tips and tricks
==== Volume binding on docker-compose

> Host paths should be written in Unix-style (using `/ `).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Host paths should be written in Unix-style (using `/`).
```
